THEORY OF KNOWLEDGE: 
What is true, to what extent, why, and how do you know? Even when we do truly know something, it's easy to humble ourselves by remembering that there
also exists what we think we know but are actually mistaken about, what we know that we don't know, and what we don't know that we don't know.

COGNITIVE BIASES: 
For survival, humans tend to believe they know things (overconfidence bias), and they’re inclined to keep confirming they’re right rather than 
try to prove themselves wrong (confirmation bias). Potential reasons are they want to be right (optimism bias), they don’t want to be wrong (ego), 
and/or there are just not enough resources (time, energy) or necessity to acquire more knowledge and challenge one’s beliefs. In the noble search 
for truth, it is important to avoid these biases.

INFINITE POSSIBILITIES: 
There are so many markets, securities, and methods of trading that possibilities are endless. Things also evolve over time, so current understandings 
may no longer hold true in the future. This is a reason to choose open-mindedness when possible.

HYPOTHESIS ACCEPTANCE VS REJECTION: 
Just because a hypothesis is not rejected does not mean it is accepted. There exists the gray area where you don’t have enough evidence to reject or 
accept whether something is true. One must be careful before making definitive conclusions when exploring the unknown.

CORRELATIOIN VS CAUSATION: 
It’s common to see praise for someone who received a desirable outcome (“predicted” a market event or reaped stellar returns). However, a positive result 
does not automatically mean the person’s reasoning was significant or “correct” (which can be hard to assess to begin with). There is room for chance and 
coincidence especially in lower-frequency and shorter-term occurrences, and especially when the final outcome can be shaped by a plethora of factors – 
both known and unknown, foreseen and unforseen, random and nonrandom.

STEALTH IS OF ESSENCE:
Markets operate by the fundamental laws of supply/demand. If there exists an edge (inefficiency), it's usually not in one's best favor to share it with 
others because generally speaking, the more it's exploited, the smaller the share of the pie you'll receive.

TIME IS OF ESSENCE: 
By the time you can truly know something, it may already be too late to make use of this information. There is a balance between seeking truth and 
obtaining real-world results.
